in general, The higher your g p a, the better your chances. This is one
of those easy metrics that admission boards are going to use to essentially
wade through a ton of applications like this is one of the
first metrics they're going to use to just dump applications. Um, oftentimes,
schools will tell you, you know, unless you have a G p a
of 3.6, like, don't bother applying. So the the list their minimum g
p a um and I would say for the most part, take that seriously. Like
don't bother applying if their minimum g p a is 3.7 and you've got
a 3.2. The chances that you're going thio your application is even gonna
make it past the first round are probably pretty low. Um, the exceptions
to this are if you have a personal connection somehow with
the this program. So, for instance, if you or maybe working with someone
right now and they have a colleague at this other unit at this
other program at another university that you're interested in, um and
they say, you know, I'll reach out personally to my colleague here
and say, toe, Look out. You know, I'll give you a personal recommendation
and say toe, look out for your application. And you know, I
would also say that if that's the case, you want to address this head
on in your personal statement? Why your GP a does not meet the minimum.
So if there's a reason for it, you better explain yourself. Um,
and and in that situation, I would say go ahead and apply. I mean,
you still might not make it, but, you know, you would definitely have
a better chance at that point. Um, most schools are looking for a
G p a of around 3.6 or higher, so that's kind of what you're you're
in that neighborhood. Um, if you if your GP is 3.6 or higher, you're
probably good for most applications. Yeah,